alessandro leonora my left and
silvio san giorgio and my right are
the authors of moments a collection of
poems and paintings for the publishing house
twenty six letters edizioni alessandro
he is inspired by these poems
this collection of poems in a way
particular
because together with silvio
we are writing a story that I am
about 23 years that we don't understand
because it's always something wrong
then we collected the poems that
where we send regularly when one
he writes and we thought we would do
this little volume just to have us
something something of our together and
as a wish to publish soon
this is this story that binds us further
that as relatives with the return the uncle
also as friendship because between us there is
a deep relationship and then there is
was also another reason that
remembering a game we played with a
friend who unfortunately left us where
we wrote a line that each for
during adolescence it is like a
game we tried silvio 1 a
respond to the other with con delle
poems that have drawn the same
topic
in fact there are also some that carry
even the same title, however, are i
our different different points of view
as a generation and different as a way of
think this the genesis of this book
silvio sangiorgi also the author of the
paintings that are inside this one
collection of poems as he thought of
realize the paintings with respect to the poems
the paintings are almost all born before
of the poems
my intent for a long time is always
that of state of state to merge the
the poems squared with poems
finally the same and therefore one are from
compendium to the other
yes the choice of these determined
paintings are was a choice of
therefore the subject has poetry
made sure we chose that
given framework as the subject
in the subject in that case it contained
the exact content of the poem then i
paintings that have been chosen
motivations is this silvio here
sangiorgi alessandro leon oro are the
authors of moments a collection of poetry
published by the twenty-six publishing house
letters editions